## Raw
keelson.primitives.TimestampedBytes
## Raw_Json
keelson.primitives.TimestampedBytes
## Raw_Nmea0183
keelson.primitives.TimestampedBytes
## Configuration
keelson.primitives.TimestampedStruct

[Log_Message](foxglove.Log)
## Sensor_Status
keelson.sensor.SensorStatus
## Network_Status
keelson.network.NetworkStatus
## Simulation_Status
keelson.simulation.SimulationStatus
## Roc_Status
keelson.roc.ROCStatus
## Location_Fix
foxglove.LocationFix
## Frame_Transform
foxglove.FrameTransform
## Location_Fix_Accuracy_Horizontal_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Location_Fix_Accuracy_Vertical_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Location_Fix_Satellites_Used
keelson.primitives.TimestampedInt
## Location_Fix_Quality
keelson.primitives.TimestampedInt
## Location_Fix_Hdop
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Location_Fix_Vdop
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Location_Fix_Pdop
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Rate_Of_Turn_Degpm
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Heading_True_North_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Heading_Magnetic_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Course_Over_Ground_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Speed_Over_Ground_Knots
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Speed_Through_Water_Knots
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Vessel_Name
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Vessel_Type
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Vessel_Imo_Number
keelson.primitives.TimestampedInt
## Vessel_Mmsi_Number
keelson.primitives.TimestampedInt
## Vessel_Call_Sign
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Vessel_Flag
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Vessel_Nav_Status
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Length_Over_All_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Breadth_Over_All_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Draught_Mean_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Draught_Max_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Draught_Stern_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Draught_Bow_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Draught_Midship_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Wheel_Position_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Lever_Position_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Propeller_Rate_Rpm
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Propeller_Pitch_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Rudder_Angle_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Rate_Rpm
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Temperature_Celcius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Fuel_Level_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Fuel_Rate_Lph
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Fuel_Consumed_L
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Oil_Pressure_Psi
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Oil_Temperature_Celcius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Coolant_Temperature_Celcius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Engine_Coolant_Pressure_Psi
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Type
keelson.primitives.TimestampedString
## Battery_State_Of_Charge_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Voltage_Volt
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Current_Amp
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Temperature_Celcius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Min_Voltage_Volt
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Max_Voltage_Volt
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Battery_Capacity_Amph
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Air_Temperature_Celsius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Air_Relative_Humidity_Pct
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Water_Temperature_Celcius
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Water_Salinity_Ppt
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Water_Speed_Of_Sound_Mps
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## True_Wind_Direction_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## True_Wind_Angle_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## True_Wind_Speed_Mps
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Apparent_Wind_Angle_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Apparent_Wind_Speed_Mps
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Image_Raw
foxglove.RawImage
## Image_Compressed
foxglove.CompressedImage
## Video_Compressed
foxglove.CompressedVideo
## Laser_Scan
foxglove.LaserScan
## Point_Cloud
foxglove.PointCloud
## Alarm
keelson.alarm.Alarm
## Audio
keelson.audio.Audio
## Imu_Reading
keelson.imu.ImuReading
## Radar_Spoke
keelson.radar.RadarSpoke
## Radar_Sweep
keelson.radar.RadarSweep
## Voyage_Plan
keelson.voyage.VoyagePlan
## Voyage_Route
keelson.voyage.VoyageRoute
## Sail_Control_State
keelson.windpower.SailControlState
## Sail_State
keelson.windpower.SailState
## Target_Type
keelson.target.TargetType
## Target_Bearing_Magnetic_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Bearing_North_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Bearing_Relative_Deg
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Cpa_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Tcpa_S
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Bcr_M
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
## Target_Bct_S
keelson.primitives.TimestampedFloat
